{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 John Jonson\
Managing Director, Healthcare\
Minneapolis, USA\
Financial Advisory, Middle Market\
\
1 771 33 2222\
john.johnson@lazard.com\
\
\
Financial Services\
Healthcare\
\
John Johnson is a managing director and member of the healthcare group at Lazard Middle Market. He has more than 20 years of healthcare investment banking experience, during which time he has worked on over 50 completed strategic advisory and capital raising transactions with an aggregate value in excess of $100 billion. Mr. Johnson has broad experience in healthcare services, with particular expertise in distribution and outsourcing, clinical diagnostics, pharmacy services, contract research organizations, and other pharmaceutical services. Mr. Johnson's experience includes advising corporations and private equity groups on acquisitions and sales of public and private companies, leveraged buy-outs and recapitalizations, special committee advisory assignments, corporate divestitures, and cross-border transactions. He also has significant capital markets experience, having led numerous equity, equity-linked and debt financings.\
<br>\
Recent representative transactions include advising Celerion Holdings, Inc. on its sale to a private equity consortium led by MTS Health Investors; Copernicus Group Institutional Review Board on its sale to Arsenal Capital Partners; Wolters Kluwer Pharma Solutions on the divestiture of its Marketing & Publishing Services Division to Springer Science + Business Media; Pharmaceutical Product Development on its sale to The Carlyle Group; Vanguard Health Systems on its IPO; Premier, Inc. on its IPO; National Surgical Hospitals on its sale to Irving Place Capital; Laboratory Corporation of American Holdings on its acquisition of Genzyme Genetics, a business unit of Genzyme Corp.; and Chem Rx Corporation on its sale to PharMerica Corporation.\
<br>\
Prior to joining Lazard Middle Market, Mr. Johnson was a managing director in the healthcare group at Credit Suisse.\
<br>\
Mr. Johnson graduated magna cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa from Cornell University with a bachelor of arts degree in economics and government.\
\
\
<blockquote>Lazard focuses on the client above all else. That vision guides every decision.</blockquote>\
}